i have a goal, i want to develop a final cut plugin that adds very simple title text elements to the timeline of my final cut pro project. the final goal is to have some sort of plugin that when run... it adds a text simple title timeline element with the text "1", "2", "3", '4"... up to "10". each text element should last 1 second and should be added added after the previous title text item, basically... it will emulate a timer! i want to keep it super simple, as minimal code as possible. avoiding unnecessary code and unnecessary complexity. i have read the Apple developer docs and i completed the "Setting up for FxPlug development" section. i have a clean empty directory in my local macbook pro M1 Max and i am ready to start coding! my main goal is to figure out a programatic way for aadding text elements to the timeline of a final cut project. that is the main task. i already have a recent Final cut pro version installed, i also have Motion installed, i have xcode tools installed, and i installed the FxPlug 4 SDK. Other then that there is still nothing done, this is a clean project, lets start from scratch. remember... keep it as simple as possible. lets start small and build up.

## Above and Beyond - Lyrics

Let's add more complexity, we are already able to add text elements to our final cut pro timeline. For the moment we are adding simple "1", "2", "3"... text that simply last 1 second and emulate a timer. That is no longer the goal, let's scale this existing solution to now read the information from lyrics.json. the idea is simple, iterate the "segments" array and for each word, add that word to the FCPXML in the exact same manner as we are currently already doing. the idea is to now use the new starting time and end time information provided for each individual word in that lyrics.json file, and add those items to the FCPXML. Remember to keep it as simple as possible, let's avoid unecessary complexity.
